feat(examples): adds middleware example (#38240)
vercel/next.js: examples/middleware/README.md

# Middleware

> This example shows how to use [middleware in Next.js](https://nextjs.org/docs/advanced-features/middleware) to run code before a request is completed.
> 
> The index page ([`pages/index.tsx`](pages/index.js)) has a list of links to pages with redirect, rewrite or normal behavior.
> 
> On the middleware file ([`middleware.ts`](middleware.ts)) the routes are already being filtered by defining a matcher list on the exported config. If you want the middleware to run for every request just remove this configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows how to use [Middleware in Next.js](https://nextjs.org/docs/advanced-features/middleware) to run code before a request is completed.

The index page ([`pages/index.tsx`](pages/index.js)) has a list of links to pages with `redirect`, `rewrite`, or normal behavior.

On the Middleware file ([`middleware.ts`](middleware.ts)) the routes are already being filtered by defining a `matcher` on the exported config. If you want the Middleware to run for every request, you can remove the `matcher`.
```
